[admission-policy-engine] extend docs (#2879)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/015-admission-policy-engine/docs/FAQ.md

---
title: "The admission-policy-engine module: FAQ"
---

## How to extend Pod Security Standards policies?

> Pod Security Standards respond to the `security.deckhouse.io/pod-policy: restricted` or `security.deckhouse.io/pod-policy: baseline` label.

> To extend the Pod Security Standards policy by adding your checks to existing checks, you need to:
> - Describe the parameters of the check.
> - Bind it to the `restricted` or `baseline` policy.
> 
> Example of the description of the parameters for checking the URL of the container image repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To extend the Pod Security Standards policy by adding your checks to existing checks, you need to:
- Create a constraint template for the check (ресурс `ConstraintTemplate`).
- Bind it to the `restricted` or `baseline` policy.

Example of the `ConstraintTemplate` for checking a  repository URL of a container image:
```
